This review of the Su family includes a business contract worth millions.
Move the villa. Tie the carriage the same way.
The total value is 2.5 million.
The review is too luxurious. I can add some protection from Zhang Shao Zhang.
What a blessing. Here is definitely a pair of Zhang Chengdu.
Can you take this piece of trash out?
I don’t think you can even come up with 25,000 Lijin.
This kind of forehead color is in a few levels among Zhang Shao.
2.5 million can only be called fart.
Xiaoyue, as long as you follow the impression
I promise to hire you for far more than they would pay for a sale.
You big talker
The inside of this lamp is quite clean, but the inside of this lamp is quite dirty.
If you can spend 7% of my efforts,
I call you grandpa
What a good boy, he looks like a grandpa
You kid, drive away a capable deputy
I dare not say this
It's so laborious
I can't tell you, Lord Shendi
I will be surprised when the time comes
The person who climbed up to the generals of the gods and the earth
By then our Zhang family
Not only is his ability to protect
But the protection of the whole country
This is the opening of the ancestor's eyes
Let me find such a good son-in-law
It's provided by our ancestors.
I never believed you ran away
If you don’t believe me, run away
It's Lord Kamichi
I am Lord Kamsada